Console SQL Shell (#17645)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/_includes/releases/cloud/2023-09-05.md

## September 05, 2023

<h3 id="2023-09-05-general-changes"> General changes </h3>

> - The {{ site.data.products.cloud }} Console's [SQL Shell]({% link cockroachcloud/sql-shell.md %}) is now available in [limited access](https://cockroachlabs.com/docs/{{site.versions["stable"]}}/cockroachdb-feature-availability.html). This feature enables you to run queries on your cluster directly from the {{ site.data.products.cloud }} Console. To enroll your organization, contact your Cockroach Labs account team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The {{ site.data.products.cloud }} Console's [SQL Shell]({% link cockroachcloud/sql-shell.md %}) is now available in [limited access](https://www.cockroachlabs.com/docs/{{site.current_cloud_version}}/cockroachdb-feature-availability). This feature enables you to run queries on your cluster directly from the {{ site.data.products.cloud }} Console. To enroll your organization, contact your Cockroach Labs account team.
```
